When it comes to functional skin care
and ingredient-oriented skin care,
there is one brand we cannot avoid,
and that is Paula's Choice.
Paula's Choice
was established earlier
than the ingredient-oriented brands we are familiar with
, such as SkinCeuticals
and The Ordinary.
Some people call it the originator of acid peeling,
while others call it the granddaughter of functional ingredient-oriented brands.
Hi everyone, I'm the formulator Xingxing.
Today, I'll give you an inventory of
dozens of products from the eight series of the Paula's Choice brand
and show you
which
of their products
are both scientific and reliable
, and which have
similar formulas and are not easy to use.
If we want to talk about Paula's Choice,
we must first understand
what style
and type of brand it is
. Does it tell stories,
talk about fashion
, or focus on ingredients and science?
Then we must start with
its founder, Paula Pegan.
Paula Pegan
was born in Chicago in the 1950s. It is said that she
suffered from eczema and acne
in her childhood.
, and she developed a strong interest in skincare.
In her twenties,
she found a job at a department store
as a salesperson at a cosmetics counter
. However
, she was fired
after a few years
because she told customers the truth
about bad ingredients
and products that could not be used.
Being fired did not dampen
her passion for skincare and ingredient research,
so in the 1980s,
she self-published her first book
, "Blue Eyeshadow Should Be Banned.
" The book
satirized
the phenomenon of
following the makeup and skincare trends
that were not suitable for individuals . In that era of storytelling, fashion, and trends,
Paula was considered quite unique.
In the early 1990s,
Paula published her famous book, "
Don't go to the Cosmetics counter without me
," which meant that you must read this book
before going to the cosmetics counter.
The book
was republished several times.
At the time, it seemed
that no one
could conduct such a large-scale cosmetics review
, and this book
also earned her
the nickname "Cosmetics Cop," or "Cosmetics Police."
In 1995,
in response to the response from her fans,
she founded her own brand
, Paula's The brand
Choice
Paula's Choice
advocated
science-based and transparent ingredients,
which was very avant-garde in the eyes of cosmetics at the time.
It also
laid a good foundation for various functional skin care brands
that emerged later
. Later,
Paula's Choice can be said to be popular all over the world.
In 2021,
Paula's Choice was acquired by Unilever
for 2.1 billion US dollars.
Since then, it has further expanded its internationalization
and has become a representative brand of rational skin care today.
In summary,
the brand Paula's Choice is a
brand that does not tell stories but only talks about ingredients and science.
After talking about the founder,
let's talk about
the 8 product series of Paula's Choice.
Our common skin care products
have two types of series divisions. Either they
are divided according to skin type
or they are divided according to efficacy.
However, Paula's Choice's series division
is neither of these two methods.
It is divided according to the intensity of your needs.
Let me explain to you what demand intensity
is. It means that when your skin
becomes almost pathological,
This kind of pores are particularly large,
there are a lot of acne
, and you are also experiencing a cliff-like aging.
Your face is sagging .
When you are in this state,
it is called super-effectiveness demand.
In the brand Paula's Choice,
it corresponds to two series,
one is clinical and the
other is booster.
Then there is another type, my skin
is fine,
but I have daily
needs such as sunscreen,
cleansing, moisturizing, repairing, etc.
Paula's Choice
also has several series to meet this demand stage
. It
mainly includes the three series of Clear, Calm and Defense.
In between these two needs, there
is another category
, that is, I have certain effectiveness needs.
My skin has begun to have spots and
is starting to age a little,
but it has not reached the level of pathological intensity.
This is the effectiveness demand section.
Paula's Choice also corresponds to two series,
one is resist
and the other is exfoliant.
In addition, there
is a series that transcends all these needs
called earth. Source
stands for Earth Resources series.
This is a series that
focuses on natural and pure skin care
, going beyond the need for efficacy.
People who have used Paula's Choice
may have a little problem
. The Paula's Choice series products
are colorful and
there are many colors.
People may naturally think
that different colors
represent different product series.
But in fact,
it is not the color,
but the main ingredient.
If you look closely at the Paula's Choice website,
there is a column called
Ingredients Dictionary.
There is a chart in it
. The different colors represent
different ingredients
and their corresponding
effects .
For example
, the retinol series
is purple
and is more suitable for wrinkles and acne.
Various products containing retinol are
also in purple bottles.
VC corresponds to orange, and
the essence containing VC is in orange bottles. Now that I
have explained how to classify,
I will tell you what everyone is most concerned about:
how to choose Paula's Choice products.
Let's start with the first series, clinical
Clinical
means
clinical. As the name suggests,
this series of products contains
ingredients with relatively high concentrations, and they
are used more vigorously
, more abundantly,
and more comprehensively.
Simply put,
this product series is here to solve your problems.
If you don't have a serious problem,
you won't need it.
This series is often praised by fans
as a collection of Paula's Choice crazy an alcohols.
For example, the three products in the clinical series
are all an alcohol products
, but their formula
logic and applicable groups are completely different.
I call this one ordinary double an.
Its main ingredients are 0.3% an
alcohol and 2% bakuchiol.
Bakuchiol
is a plant-based product
and has the same an alcohol effect.
This can promote the production of collagen and other
similar effects of plant-derived retinol.
After the two retinols in this product are combined, it
is obvious that it is used to treat wrinkles
, increase collagen content
, and fight aging.
In short
, if you have wrinkle problems,
decreased elasticity,
and sagging face problems,
you can choose this ordinary double a
. The formula of this next one
is different from the previous one.
It is 3%
tranexamic acid
plus 0.5% bakuchiol and 5% niacinamide.
So when you look at this one, you can see that
tranexamic acid and niacinamide
are the good ingredients
we talked about in the whitening issue.
Add 0.5% bakuchiol
, which is a plant retinol with an anti-aging effect.
So it is obvious that
this one is used to treat
uneven skin tone , dark spots, and dull skin problems
caused by aging.
The next one
I call Pro Double A
is 0.1% a plus 0.16 adapalene
alpha aldehyde. We know
that it is a VA family ingredient that
is closer to alpha acid than retinol.
Its metabolism The path is shorter
and the onset is faster,
while Adapalene
is a derivative of alpha acid,
so this one
is basically
an ingredient of the alpha alcohol family
that is very close to alpha acid. It is suitable for people
who have aged rapidly,
their face has sagged,
their pores are very large
, and
they have obvious aging-type pores.
In summary, if you are just ordinary and want to fight wrinkles
and improve skin elasticity,
such anti-aging problems,
use
this ordinary double a.
If you want to change the dullness
and uneven color
of the skin caused by aging,
use this color-correcting lip a.
If you want to target
more difficult aging problems such as large pores,
use this Pro double a
. For skin color problems,
there is another product in the clinical series that is worth mentioning,
which is this 25% VC essence.
It can basically be said
to challenge the solubility limit of VC.
The highest concentration you can add
has been added.
Although
the antioxidant effect of such a high concentration of VC is unquestionable
, it is especially
for Asians .
This concentration is a bit high
for East Asians
because East Asians
actually
have limited ability
and speed to absorb VC. It can easily accumulate in the stratum corneum
and then be absorbed slowly.
When you use such a high concentration,
it can easily yellow the stratum corneum.
So
although this concentration is very high
and effective
, I do not recommend it for East Asians.
In addition, the clinical series
has a pair
of combinations that seem a bit schizophrenic.
It uses a 1% high-concentration
retinol and a ceramide cream to match
. It feels
like
retinol
can promote keratin metabolism
and control oil
, which can easily turn oily skin into dry skin and
cause breakouts.
If she is afraid that you will break out,
she will give you a ceramide moisturizing cream
to moisturize you,
so that you won't break out.
So this idea
seems a bit schizophrenic,
a bit like taking off clothes
and putting on clothes at the same time.
But if you are dealing with aging problems
and wrinkles,
this pair of combinations is It's very suitable
because it retains the functions of retinol such as boosting collagen,
tightening the skin, and
improving skin elasticity
, and it also avoids its side effects.
However, if you use retinol for,
for example, anti-acne
and oil control,
this combination is not suitable.
The Clinical series
also has a product with 20% niacinamide.
I don't recommend
this product
to East Asians
because its concentration is a bit too high.
If you use it for whitening,
5% to 10% is a safe range for East Asians.
If you use it for oil control,
10% is basically the limit.
If you use more,
your skin will become dry and cracked.
Our Asian skin
is really not suitable for such a high concentration.
Then let's talk about the Boost series.
The Boost series is
my personal favorite product series
in the Paula's Choice brand
because it is a bit like a raw material barrel
and can add some ingredients
to our already mature skincare routine.
This series
mainly has 8 products,
namely Hyaluronic Acid Boost
, VC Boost, Niacinamide Boost,
Azelaic Acid Boost
There are retinol Boost, peptide collagen Boost
, and oil Boost for dry skin.
The 8 products mentioned above
are all for face
, but there is also one for the eye area
and one for the lips,
so there are 10 Boost essences in total.
When choosing these products,
just as the name suggests,
if you want to enhance the effect of a certain point
in your skin care routine,
you can choose the Boost of that type of ingredient
and add it to your already mature skin care routine.
For example,
if your current skin care goal is anti-aging and
you are already using retinol essence,
you can add this peptide collagen Boost
to your skin care routine
because it can not only make the improvement of fine lines
faster
, but also improve the dryness and smoothness of the skin,
while
also alleviating the irritation and side effects caused by retinol.
For example, if you are currently an acne-prone skin and are
already using some anti-acne products ,
Or if you are looking for oil-control products, you
can add Boost with azelaic acid
to your skincare routine
to prevent acne scars
. If you have oily skin,
you can use the 10% niacinamide Boost
as an oil-control base
to suppress your oil secretion throughout the day
. If you have very dry skin,
we can choose the hyaluronic acid Boost
or the oil Boost to replenish oil
and prevent dryness and flaking.
So, this Boost series
has many ways to use it .
You can use it alone
or as a plus
in your skincare routine.
They can also be stacked with each other.
But as an East Asian, I
still want to remind everyone
to be careful with the 1% retinol Boost
. The concentration is
a bit high for us.
If you are already using retinol products,
then we don’t need to add this Boost
. What about the above two series?
This corresponds to the first
demand intensity we just mentioned
. If you are this type of person,
you can
choose corresponding products from these two series
to match and combine them.
I recommend several commonly used and
easy-to-use combinations.
For example, if your main demand now is anti-aging,
you need to improve wrinkles
, skin elasticity
, and the overall radiance of the skin.
Then I recommend this combination:
the ordinary double a of the clinical series
plus the collagen peptide Boost of the Boost series.
When these two are added together,
you will have both short-term effects .
You can see that your wrinkles
have a relatively fast fading
, and long-term effects.
With long-term use,
your skin's elasticity and overall radiance
will be systematically improved.
For example, if you are currently an acne-prone skin
, and the pores caused by acne are very large
,
you can look at this Pro double a
to solve your large pores
and acne control problems,
and use this azelaic acid. Boost
can improve your acne scar problem.
These two together
can solve your acne,
enlarged pores
, and acne scars all at once.
Another example
is, for example, you have blemish-prone skin
and your face has many spots of different shades
and acne scars.
In this case,
you can use these two together with
the clinical color repair a
and the boost with azelaic acid.
The azelaic acid is used to control acne scars
, and the color repair a is
used to deal with various pigmentation problems on your face.
Boost and Boost products
can also be used together.
For example, if you have very dry skin and
are prone to breakouts
, you can use
the hyaluronic acid Boost with the oil Boost
to repair and replenish your skin barrier.
After talking about the two series corresponding to the super efficacy needs of
the first skin condition
, let's talk about
the two series corresponding to ordinary efficacy needs,
namely resist and exfoliant.
Resist literally means "against the series." It
sounds a bit abstract and metaphysical
, but it actually means fighting against time
, against blemishes, and
a series of other phenomena that affect appearance.
Hey, we all fight against it.
It's a more functional series
, but it doesn't have the high concentration and
strong ingredients
of the clinical series.
In this series,
I have two products that I recommend, one of which
is called daily. The
smoothing
ingredient is a
combination of 5% glycolic acid
, salicylic acid and ceramide.
As the name suggests,
glycolic
acid is a fruit acid
that can highlight keratin
to smooth the skin.
Salicylic acid can unclog pores
to prevent the formation of closed comedones
. Ceramide
can repair the skin
, making your skin thicker and
the barrier more tolerant.
Therefore, it is very suitable for
those who have some dull problems
, and some smoothness
begins to become rough and
bumpy .
You can use it to improve it.
The second one
is a comprehensive antioxidant essence.
What are the ingredients in it?
There are VCIP
, VE, coenzyme Q10
, ferulic acid,
lipoic acid, ergothioneine, EGCG
, turmeric, etc.
She
added all
the antioxidant ingredients
she knew
that were useful in the literature.
So she added so much. The reason for the complete ingredients
is that we are worried that
the antioxidant pathway of each single antioxidant ingredient
is not complete. For example, some antioxidant ingredients
may be antioxidants for oil peroxides,
while some may be antioxidants for oxygen free radicals,
superoxide free radicals
, or hydroxyl free radicals.
So when they are combined together,
they can ensure a relatively complete
effect of
clearing various types of free radicals in the body.
It is very suitable for those who have dull skin
and need daily antioxidants
and anti-aging.
The resist series
may not look as fierce as the clinical series and may
even look a little gentle,
but in fact, this series
may be what most people need
and is suitable for.
Because this series
focuses on comprehensive
balance,
that is, the formulas with particularly good balance
are also what everyone is looking for when buying Paula's. Sometimes
you choose products with functional ingredients because
you must have some functional requirements.
However,
if you directly choose boost or clinical,
it may seem a little strong.
The entry threshold of
the resist series is relatively low.
The next series is
called the exfoliant polishing series,
which is what we often call
the Paula's Choice acid brushing series.
This series
has some crazy ones
and some more entry-level ones.
Here,
I want to remind everyone that
when you buy this series of products,
no matter what your reason is for acid brushing, you
must first look at
the concentration of the acid product you choose
before choosing the product.
Because we East Asians
actually have a more suitable
concentration range for acid brushing.
For example, salicylic acid is
recommended to be below 2%.
If it is above 2%,
its safety cannot be guaranteed.
And fruit acid is
... It is relatively safe
and even beginners can buy it.
The concentration is below 6%
. In fact, it
can be slightly higher.
For example, if you have oily skin and
acne,
it can be slightly higher.
But I don't recommend exceeding 10%
. Don't exceed it. After exceeding it,
the skin of East Asians will be more sensitive.
This series of acid-brushing products
has three
salicylic acid products within the safety line mentioned above.
They are all two-point salicylic acid
products. The difference is that the texture
is different and the moisturizing properties are different
. The other
effects are similar.
You can choose the texture according to your preference
. For example, you can choose water-based or GEL-
based.
If your skin is oily and
you want to polish your skin
to get rid of closed comedones,
there are two acids that are more recommended.
One is 8% fruit acid
and the other is 8% complex acid.
This 8% complex acid
contains 6% mandelic acid and 2% lactic acid.
What about mandelic acid?
It is similar to salicylic acid.
It has a certain fat-dissolving effect.
It can clean pores well
to prevent closed comedones.
Lactic acid
has good moisturizing properties.
It can moisturize the skin while exfoliating,
so that your entire skin
will not be over-degreased or
cracked.
In this acid brushing series,
there is another one that I don’t recommend.
It is the one with 25% glycolic acid
and 2% salicylic acid. This
is basically the ceiling of the acid concentration you can use at home.
If it is above 30%, for example
, it is best to go to the hospital for
an acid brushing .
Don’t brush it yourself at home
because when you go to the hospital
for an acid brushing, they will give you a neutralizer
, which will not let such a high concentration of acid
stay on your face for so long,
so it
is difficult to neutralize
or soothe yourself at home.
Using such a high concentration of acid
is a bit prone to allergies.
The exfoliant acid brushing series
is actually mainly aimed at people who have closed comedones
, oily skin, or some skin If your skin
has some dullness caused by keratinization
and there is a risk of occasional acne,
then you can use
this product.
However,
there is a prerequisite for choosing this series.
You must not have allergic skin
or sensitive skin.
We should try our best to avoid acid peeling.
After talking about the first two series, let
’s talk about the third skin condition.
I don’t have any special functional requirements.
I just want to maintain stability on a daily basis.
In this case, I
will choose the following three series of Paula’s Choice,
one is clear,
one is Calm and the other is Defense.
There are also some subtle differences
between these three series .
For example, the Calm series
is a soothing series.
Whether it is the facial cleanser, toner
or lotion,
it is
matched with ingredients with this kind of soothing, stabilizing and moisturizing feeling.
And the clear series
is like a low-end version of exfoliant,
like a low-end version of polishing and
a low-end version of brush.
It also contains acid, some
even have
a higher concentration of 2% salicylic acid
, but it does not use higher concentrations of fruit acid
and various complex acids to exfoliate your skin.
For example,
some salicylic acid is added to the facial cleanser
to help you remove oil when cleansing.
The clear series
also has some fat-free formulas,
which means that although it feels moisturizing
, it does not contain oil. Instead, it
uses polyols and other moisturizers to
create a more moisturizing skin feeling.
Without oil,
it will not put an extra burden on oily skin,
so it is called the clear series,
which means it feels very clear after use.
Another series
is called defense, which means protection series
. This series has many
sunscreens,
as the name suggests,
to protect against ultraviolet rays.
Other products in this series also have
products such as facial cleansers.
It mainly moisturizes, stabilizes
, and is gentle.
For example, this watermelon red amino acid cleanser
uses APG We've talked about APG surfactants before.
They
have a good degreasing effect,
but they are not abrasive
and are very gentle, making
them very suitable for sensitive skin.
So, whether you use the Clear series,
the Calm series, or the Defense series,
they all have the same feature: there is no threshold
. No matter what skin type you have,
whether you have sensitive skin,
unstable skin,
or your skin is good to begin with
, as long as you only have basic skin care needs,
you can use them .
They will not cause any problems.
However,
don't have too high expectations of their efficacy.
To summarize, for
the first skin type, for the Clinical and Boost series, you
must carefully consider your skin condition
and specific problems
before choosing products. For
the Resist and Exfoliant series corresponding
to the second skin type, you
must carefully consider the concentration of the ingredients and the efficacy claims
before choosing products . For the Clear
, Calm, and Defense series corresponding to the third skin type, if you have oily skin, choose Clear, and if
you have
sensitive skin,
choose Calm, and if you have sensitive skin
, choose Defense. There is no threshold, just pick
one . In addition to the seven series
divided into three skin types,
there is also a less popular
series in Paula's Choice
called Earth , which doesn't even look like an ingredient-based
series .
Sourced
is the Earth Resources series.
This series
focuses on various plant ingredients,
plant oils,
plant extracts
, and other natural resources.
It is a product series that
is closer to the concept of pure beauty.
In this series,
I often mentioned their Earth Cleanser,
which is commonly known as the Green Snot Cleanser,
because it feels very good on the skin
and is especially suitable for sensitive skin.
In addition, this series also has some
oil creams derived from plants,
and then uses some plant essential oils
to make various creams and lotions.
But there is a problem. This series
is basically being taken off the shelves
all over the world . In fact,
there are many areas where
this series of
products are no longer available
. OK, the above is
the division logic of the 8 series
of the Paula's Choice brand,
as well as the inventory of related essence products.
To summarize,
we are choosing Paula's Choice. Before using any product,
you must first judge your skin condition
and choose the right series, then look at the efficacy
and concentration
and choose related products.
In addition,
I will give you some tips on matching taboos
. First, if you are already using
products related to alcohol,
we should try to avoid high-concentration acid-peeling products
because alcohol will promote the metabolism of keratin,
and then if you use acid products to exfoliate,
it will damage your barrier.
Second, if you are already using high-concentration
VC products,
we should try not to match them with peptides
because when these two ingredients
are used on your face,
they will fight
and whoever wins will be absorbed. Why bother?
Third, if you are already using 2% salicylic
acid products ,
then you should try not to use acid-containing facial cleansers
because after the combination of acids,
you may over-degrease and
cause dry and flaky skin.
Finally, the combination of c in the morning and a in the evening
is very classic,
but it may not be suitable for dry skin, acne skin, and sensitive skin.
As I said before,
don't blindly follow
the trend . That's all for
today's Paula's Choice product review.
If you have any questions about product matching,
please feel free to ask in the comment section.
I will try my best to answer everyone.
I hope everyone can choose the products that suit them
and have healthy and beautiful skin.
If you think what I said is helpful to you,
please like, subscribe and join me.